# Quick Start

## Access Setup[​](#access-setup "Direct link to Access Setup")

To use the API, please [log in](javascript:;) to the web page and complete the API key application and permission configuration, and then proceed with development and trading based on the documentation details.

You can click [API Key Management](javascript:;) to create an API Key.

Each UID can create up to 10 API key sets, with each key supporting two types of permissions: read and write.

The permissions are outlined below:

* Unified account trade, read-only: Enables access to trade information.
* Unified account trade, read and write: In addition to read-only permissions, it allows order placement, cancellation, and more.
* Unified account management, read-only: Enables access to account information.
* Unified account management, read and write: In addition to read-only permissions, it allows account settings, such as leverage adjustment, Holding mode switching, and more.

After creation, please note the following information:

* `APIKey` The identity of the API transaction, generated by a random algorithm.
* `Secretkey` private key, randomly generated by the system, used for signature generation.
* `Passphrase` Password is set by the user. It should be noted that if the Passphrase is forgotten, it cannot be retrieved and the APIKey needs to be re-created.

For security reasons, it is strongly recommended that you bind an IP address when creating the API Key.

**Risk Warning**: These three keys are closely related to account security. Please remember **Passphrase** and do not disclose it to others at any time. The leakage of any one of these three keys may cause the loss of your assets. If you find that the APIKey is leaked, please delete the APIKey as soon as possible.

## Demo Trading[​](#demo-trading "Direct link to Demo Trading")

Demo trading allows you to practice trading and test strategies in a real-market environment using virtual funds, helping you improve your skills and reduce the risk of losses.

* #### API Key[​](#api-key "Direct link to API Key")

  To perform demo trading via API, you'll need to create a Demo API Key in the first place. The steps are as follows:  
  Log in to your account → Switch to Demo mode → Go to the Personal Center → Go to the API Key Management → Create a Demo API Key → Use the Demo API Key to start trading.
* #### REST[​](#rest "Direct link to REST")

  Please use the created Demo API Key for API calls, and add `paptrading` in the request header, with the value set to `1`.
* #### WebSocket[​](#websocket "Direct link to WebSocket")

  Please use the created Demo API Key for WebSocket connections and request the demo trading service address:  
  Public: wss://wspap.bitget.com/v3/ws/public  
  Private: wss://wspap.bitget.com/v3/ws/private

## Domain Name[​](#domain-name "Direct link to Domain Name")

| Domain Name | Domain | Recommended |
| --- | --- | --- |
| REST | <https://api.bitget.com> | main domain name |
| Websocket public channel | wss://ws.bitget.com/v3/ws/public | main domain name, public channel |
| websocket private channel | wss://ws.bitget.com/v3/ws/private | main domain name, private channel |

## Header[​](#header "Direct link to Header")

All REST request headers must contain the following keys:

* `ACCESS-KEY`: The API key, represented as a string.
* `ACCESS-SIGN`: Sign using base64 encoding (see messages for details).
* `ACCESS-TIMESTAMP`: The request's timestamp.
* `ACCESS-PASSPHRASE`: The passphrase you set when creating the API KEY.
* `Content-Type`: Set to application/json by default.
* `locale`: Language. e.g., Chinese (zh-CN), English (en-US)

## Response[​](#response "Direct link to Response")

* `X-BG-REQUEST-ACCEPT-TIME`: The time the server received the request
* `X-BG-RESPONSE-COMPLETE-TIME`: The time the server completed request processing

## Contact us[​](#contact-us "Direct link to Contact us")

* Bitget Telegram official group [Click to join](https://t.me/BitgetENOfficial)
* API Telegram official group [Click to join](https://t.me/bitgetOpenapi)